♪ Hey, why is it happening ♪
♪ My heart is racing ♪
♪ The world has fallen silent ♪
♪ Hey, when I imagine you ♪
♪ What kind of look ♪
♪ Attracted me to you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, we fall in love ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I can't leave you ♪
♪ Slowly, slowly, I am with you ♪
♪ I love you ♪
=Love Me, Love My Voice=
=Episode 25=
(Will you still love me
if I'm not Qiang Qingci anymore?)
Who would have thought Qiang Qingci,
the male lead in audio dramas
with over a million downloads,
would do dubbing
in such a tiny dorm room?
I have it worse.
I don't even have a place to record.
I have to go to Feishao's place
every time I'm in need.
I have an idea.
I've always wanted
to set up a dubbing team.
Like a studio where everyone
can dub together professionally.
This way, we'll have even more appeal
in the future, right?
Qiang Qingci, Feng Yasong, Doudou,
who has the most female fans,
and me, Juemei Shayi.
We can also hire some planners,
postproduction staff, and scriptwriters.
We can have several departments
and recruit some new people
so that we'll no longer
worry about finding the right actors.
- I agree.
- I think it will work.
I'm okay.
So who's in charge?
It can only be the three of you.
I'm studying medicine.
I don't have the time.
I'm also studying medicine.
- Then it will be the two of us.
- Then we will do it together.
(The Perfect Voice is founded today.)
(Persons in charge: Juemei Shayi,
Doudoubing.)
(Audition rules
will be announced tomorrow.)
Good job. See you.
I really woke up too early today.
- I feel like I have transformed.
- Sorry for the wait.
- This is our new product. Try it.
- Okay.
Off work now, Doudou?
- Good work.
- Come on.
Smells good. The beans are nice.
Mr. Zhou, why did you call us out today?
- I have an idea.
- Again?
Think less, bro, and we can relax a bit.
This idea might be quite risky,
but I want to give it a try.
Go on, tell us.
I want to set up a studio.
A formal recording studio
that belongs to the Perfect Voice.
Well...
Of course, the initial stage
requires a large investment,
and I can contribute the lion's share.
As for the rest, whoever is capable
can chip in together.
It's a good cause,
but online dubbing isn't lucrative now.
If you start a studio now,
aren't you just throwing money away?
Or you can rent the studio out,
but we don't have any clients now.
It doesn't mean we won't make money
in the future. We could do audio dramas.
Maybe even commercial dubbing,
advertisements, and animation projects,
like animated films and TV shows.
We could even dub for movies and dramas.
We've already built a dubbing team.
Why not continue on this path?
And why not broaden this path?
Do you want to wait hours every day
till the big shots are finished
for our turn to use the studio?
Calm down. Dubbing is mainly our hobby.
None of us are professionals.
We're not professionals.
But we can hire teachers.
We can hire professionals. Besides,
we already have professionals with us.
I have no objections.
- Since you've said so, I agree too.
- I think it's a good idea.
- I agree as well.
- What are you agreeing with?
Once we have our own studio,
someone must be responsible for
its operation and management.
All of us have our own jobs.
Who can stay in the studio every day?
It won't
be me again, right?
You don't want to be in charge?
This responsibility is too big.
It's the Perfect Voice's first studio.
I've graduated for less than two years.
I haven't gotten the hang of this job.
How am I supposed to run a studio?
I think you can.
Easy for you to say
when you're standing by.
- I'm sitting.
- I'm not joking with you. Stop that.
Look, I'm about to graduate
and start my internship.
Feng Yasong is going to college,
and Zhou Zheng has his own company.
You work part-time here. It's better
to be in charge of the studio.
Anyway, they are the investors.
If there is any loss, it's on them.
Hey, we are still here!
We're a team. Let's do this together.
Right. I can help out at the studio
during the day
and then go back to the bar at night.
I have the most free time
since it's all family business.
Doudou, I'll accompany you.
- Great idea, Juemei.
- Praise him.
Don't be fooled
by how carefree Juemei usually seems.
He always manages to come up
with great ideas at crucial moments.
I trust his judgment.
I think the studio will succeed.
And you also have to trust our judgment.
You can definitely
be the person in charge.
I feel like I'm taking advantage of you.
You guys chip in,
and I'm the person in charge?
The Perfect Voice belongs to all of us.
Doudou, we are counting on you
in the future.
Doudou, I don't want a salary.
I am at your disposal.
I don't want a salary either.
So it's settled.
- Okay.
- Come on. Bottoms up!
Yeah!
( Tianzi No.1 Recording Studio
The Perfect Voice Studio)
- Happy opening day!
What should we eat?
It's the first day of the studio.
As the only car owner on this team,
I'll take you to a very authentic place.
So you have a car,
but we can't all fit, can we?
- Exactly.
- Right.
How about I cook?
Are you sure?
My cooking isn't bad.
Look at his cutting technique.
He's definitely an expert.
Not bad at all.
It starts to look tasty, doesn't it?
I don't have the special flour
for frying chicken wings. Let's make do.
- It's pretty good.
- Yeah.
Be careful.
It smells so good.
Smells really good.
- Here we go.
- The chicken wings are coming.
- Incoming.
- The chicken wings are here.
- It smells good.
- Here.
- Chicken wings with salted egg yolk.
- It looks delicious.
- Yes. Try one.
- I will go first.
Let me try one too.
- How is it? Is it good?
- Of course.
It's so good.
I need to take a photo and print it out
with 'Chef Qiang Qingci' written on it.
- It's by restaurant standards.
- Okay. I'll have a taste too.
- Like that, he became the team's chef.
- It's unexpected joy and bliss for us.
As for me,
I'm just one who basks in the light.
Only those who used to be on the team
would know about his cooking.
Those who switched careers
or retired later all come back often.
The first thing they do is to call
and ask if Qiang Qingci is here.
- Everyone is craving the meal he cooks.
- That's right.
So, our team has gone through
many generations. I am with the first.
Generation by generation,
when it comes to Off Key, it's the...
Seventh generation.
- You spooked me.
- Mr. Mo.
It's because you are too immersed.
You lost your auditory sensitivity.
- Let's discuss some details.
- What details?
- Let's start with the invitation list.
- The invitation list?
Then should we mention your retirement?
- What does it have to do with the list?
- How can it be unrelated?
Some seniors are no longer active.
They're at home with their kids now.
But I think if this event is framed
as your retirement, they will come.
Forget it. There's no need
to make a fuss. It's not a big deal.
You have a misunderstanding
of your appeal.
I'm stepping back behind the scenes,
not leaving this planet.
I'll do the planning this time anyway.
I'll contact them.
Fine, you can take over.
That saves me the trouble.
(Qiang Qingci: I kindly invite
all the friends to the festival...)
- I've reposted it.
- I'll repost it for you.
You two, take your phones
and repost Mo's Weibo post.
It was supposed to be mine.
And Mo snatched it from me.
So many people have reposted it, Mao.
Really? It was just posted.
Take a look.
Look, Hu replied too.
It's been years since we last saw him.
You still got it.
(Shuimo Club:
All of us must be present.)
It's Feng Yasong.
Hello?
How is it going over there?
I have something to tell you.
Do you have a minute?
Okay, wait a moment.
Sheng, look.
Finally, the Perfect Voice is in charge
this year. Look at the chief planner.
(Chief Planner: Qiang Qingci)
It's really him.
Your boyfriend has changed.
Isn't he always out of the public eye?
I have no idea. He hasn't told me.
Anyway, it's my favorite offline event
of the year.
If he's the chief planner,
there will be big-shot guests.
(Star Design, The Perfect Voice Studio)
Off Key, here.
- What are you writing in that notebook?
- Guys.
There's something I'd like to
tell you before the meeting.
What's up?
Feng Yasong accepted an urgent task
and is leaving immediately.
So, he might not be able
to attend this Traditional Music Gala.
- What?
- He is missing our final team show?
- That's a shame, isn't it?
- Who will take his place?
We're running out of time.
Where can you find a substitute?
- What about our drama?
- Yes, what about Memories of Jiangnan?
I have a proposal
and would like to hear your opinions.
I want Off Key to take over
Feng Yasong's place.
I can't. I'm just a newbie.
I can't handle it.
I've heard some of his recent works.
I think they are pretty good.
He has a good foundation,
and he works hard.
With us helping him,
I think there won't be any problems.
- But...
- I agree.
But I don't have any stage experience.
I can't fulfill the role of Feng Yasong.
Before entrusting great tasks
to someone, Heaven will...
Right?
With so many big shots backing you,
what's there to be afraid of?
Enough. Stop saying that.
I understand your feelings now.
But I believe that there is a first time
for everything.
Since they all support you,
why don't you give it a try?
- Right.
- But I'm afraid...
No buts. Don't be afraid. Just go ahead.
- I'm afraid...
- Afraid of what? Losing face?
I don't mind losing face by myself.
I'm afraid of disgracing the team.
Go for it. With the two of them there,
even I dare to try, not to mention you.
- You? Forget it.
- What's wrong with me?
Not just them.
I have discussed it with Feng Yasong.
He told me
that he thinks you can handle it.
Really?
Since Feng Yasong thinks you can do it,
I have no objections.
Besides, you have liked him for years.
You know his roles the best.
The styles of the two of them
are actually quite similar.
- Then I'll try my best.
- Great.
- Keep going.
- Go for it.
Don't just stand there.
Go review the Memories of Jiangnan.
- I'm watching Feng Yasong's videos now.
- Silly boy.
- He's getting nervous.
- Okay, that settles it.
Let's get back to the main topic.
The planning team has to be
made up of our core members.
We need to decide on the theme
and select the programs,
clubs, venue, and guests.
We need two hosts.
Don't look at us.
You will hide behind the crowd,
and we will be the ones
in the spotlight again, right?
- You don't want to do it?
- Yes, we do. This time, it's different.
Okay.
We also need to decide
on the coordination team,
the on-site engineering team,
and the publicity team.
We need the poster ready ASAP.
So we must select the programs first.
And this time, I want
to select programs in two ways.
I'll give part of them to the old clubs,
and the rest will be selected publicly
to give new clubs a chance.
Otherwise,
it's always us old faces dominating,
making it hard
for newcomers to get ahead.
It makes sense. But for the audience
that pays for the tickets,
they prefer to see the most famous ones.
So, let's do it one-on-one,
having both old and new faces together.
That's also why
I have Off Key join this event.
That's a good idea.
That's all.
What do you think?
- Doudou, where are you going?
- To make a poster.
- The chief planner has assigned tasks.
- Then, dismissed?
- I'll help Doudou.
- Let's get to work.
And the coffee's still warm.
- Doudou, I'll help you.
- Let's go to work.
(Why is the appeal
of Perfect Voice so high?)
- I didn't expect so many people.
- Yes, indeed.
Many of them stay offline now,
especially those who joined back then.
Today's clubs can't have
this kind of appeal.
Not many people used the internet
back then. Even Weibo was a new thing.
They are kind of pioneers.
They are truly courageous.
I wanted to show you this just now.
Take a look.
Look.
(Why is the appeal
of Perfect Voice so high?)
(Perfect Voice is one of the earliest dubbing team with
Qiang Qingci, Juemei Shayi, Feng Yasong, Doudoubing.)
(Feishao and Wang Ke later joined them. The
followings are the seven generations introduction.)
(Perfect Voice_Qiang Qingci;
Perfect Voice_Juemei Shayi; Perfect Voice_Doudoubing)
I suddenly feel sentimental.
It hasn't been easy.
(Perfect Voice_Feng Yasong; Perfect Voice_Wang Ke;
Perfect Voice_ Feishao; Perfect Voice_Yin)
And it feels very fulfilling.
Of course.
Want chicken wings with salted egg yolk?
Of course. I suddenly crave for them.
- Why are you laughing? Are you cooking?
- Yes.
(Qiang Qingci's girlfriend)
Hello?
- Did you go to sleep?
- No.
I can't sleep after seeing your post
about the Traditional Music Gala.
That's the biggest event each year.
I go every year.
Really? You never mentioned it to me.
We haven't known each other
for that long.
And moreover, you big shots
from long-established clubs
are at the center of the stage
every year. You won't feel anything.
I've never been on stage.
That's true.
Is it not convenient to talk
since your family has gone to bed?
Yes. The walls are thin.
You can come out,
and we can take our time to talk.
I noticed you are the chief planner.
So you've been busy with this all day?
It's another grand gathering
of the big shots. I'm so envious.
- This year is different.
- How is it different?
There's a cafe behind here.
It closes at 12 a.m. Let's go there.
Okay.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
You just said it's different.
How is it different?
This time, quite a few programs
will be selected publicly.
And there will be cooperation
between old and new clubs,
old faces and new faces.
Are there any conditions?
- You want to go?
- Of course, it's the Gala.
What do you need? Songs,
new arrangements, or accompaniments?
I don't want to perform. I'd rather
work behind the scenes or accompany.
What are the recruitment criteria
or methods?
Is it open-casting or something?
When is the registration period?
These questions shouldn't be addressed
to a chief planner.
I'm not responsible for these.
Doudou is making the recruitment poster.
If you have time,
you can keep an eye on it online
or wait for your boyfriend
to send it to you.
Do you think I should submit
under a different name?
After all, it's the tune that matters,
not who I am personally.
I think
you can just use your current ID.
People won't think I'm biased. I've been
in this circle for years after all.
I still have
some assurance of integrity.
That's true.
I've written a few pretty good songs.
I'd like to try them out.
Welcome.
From online IDs that nobody knows
to an official dubbing club,
the Perfect Voice,
and then Tianzi No. 1 Recording Studio.
I'm proud of you all.
Slow down when crossing the road.
Hurry up.
I used to love climbing these steps
when I was a kid.
Really?
Is there anything special about them?
Every time I reached these steps,
it meant I was close to
getting home. So I was very happy.
What will you think
if one day Qiang Qingci retires?
Why do you say that?
What happened? Don't scare me.
If I'm not Qiang Qingci anymore,
- will you still love me?
- Of course, I will.
But it has nothing to do with
whether I love you or not.
Of course, it does.
You asked me before
if I'm afraid that you love my voice
more than you love me.
That was a joke.
No more joking is allowed.
Be serious.
You...
You weren't serious just now, were you?
Yes, I was.
Alright,
it's not as scary as you imagine.
I'm just
going to step back.
I will be appearing online
less and less.
Is it because
you are too busy with work?
That's part of the reason.
The other part
is that I want
to promote more newcomers.
Are you okay with that?
I understand.
Just like me.
If one day
I don't use the ID of Shengshengman
anymore,
you wouldn't have any objections
as well, right?
Thank you.
It's just that, no matter what,
I still feel sad.
As a fan
of yours,
I feel very sad.
The voice I've liked for so many years
is suddenly fading away.
It makes me very sad.
However,
you have not appeared much
over these years anyway.
I had foreseen this before I knew you.
What you just told me was quite sudden,
but the shock isn't too big.
Over the past few years,
I've been thinking about this.
Look at you.
You had to tell me this
when I was happiest.
As a fan, my heart is almost broken.
My bad.
If I'd known this, I should have ordered
the most expensive things in that cafe
to compensate for my broken heart.
- Okay, let's do it next time.
- Deal.
Next time, you can order the whole page
of the most expensive things
and take away what you can't finish.
Let me take you home.
Let's go.
(The Perfect Voice's Recruitment Order)
Are you sure that it's not fake?
Why would I use
a fake one to trick you?
I saw the reposts.
The four major dubbing teams
and the top ten
traditional music clubs will come.
And many guests are also going.
It's hard to get tickets.
Who told you to get tickets?
You're supposed to participate,
- if you get selected.
- I must participate.
Forget about singing.
I can play accompaniment.
I need to choose an instrument.
Which one should I pick?
Are you kidding? Which instrument
in this room are you not good at?
There's always someone better
out there. I'm still just a nobody.
- What about you? Are you going?
- Me? I've already signed up.
I've sent the demo to their email.
So no offline interview for me.
By the way, Guai, the interview place
is right at the Perfect Voice Studio.
This won't do.
Are you not planning to go on stage?
You sang pretty well in Yangshuo.
I was just helping out there.
I prefer to work behind the scenes.
If your song gets popular,
it can be sung by more than one singer.
Then, more people will hear the songs
you've written, right?
That's true.
In this regard,
you and Qiang Qingci are quite a match.
That's true.
- I have a question.
- Guzheng?
I saw Qiang Qingci's fans chatting
a couple of days ago.
They said that after this Gala,
he is going to say goodbye to everyone
and then retire behind the scenes.
Is it true?
Yes.
I'm pretty upset too.
Qiang Qingci is retiring so soon.
It's normal for people at the top.
He has peaked in one field.
It's quite good to go behind the scenes
and open a new field.
That's true.
It's not like he's disappearing.
Qiang Qingci is still here.
Wait a minute.
The interview
is at the Perfect Voice Studio?
- Right.
- So I can finally go to Tianzi No. 1?
I told you, but you didn't react.
I thought you didn't care.
You know her. When she gets excited,
there's nothing else on her mind.
You two are ganging up on me.
Alright, don't be mad. Get ready first.
I'll accompany you to the interview.
Her family can accompany her, right?
I'll be the family.
- I don't know. I guess you can.
- You guess?
One of the founders
of Tianzi No. 1 is your boyfriend.
Well, business is business.
Alright. How about I sign up?
That will do.
Let me have a look.
How about this one?
It will do.
(Fresh Breeze, Shuimo Club)
- Where should we post these?
- In the gymnasium on the gala night.
They are a bit small.
These are for color proofing, you know?
To check the colors.
Look, there are various materials,
and each material is different.
There are ones for exhibition boards,
banners, and hanging paintings.
And there are also
double-sided adhesive ones.
Each material yields a different effect,
understand?
- Not as much as you do.
- Enough.
Doudou, the judges will arrive
in the next couple of days.
This is the flight information
for the first group of them.
- Are the cars booked?
- Yes.
We haven't booked the hotel yet.
There was no presale,
so our budget is limited.
It's okay.
We will use Feishao, Wang Ke,
and Zhou Zheng's place then.
Plus, our studio has a resting area.
Money should be spent wisely.
We should save wherever we can.
When the majority arrives,
we will book the hotel collectively.
Doudou is right. When we get together,
comfort level is not our top concern.
It's mainly about love.
We should save if we can.
- Okay, I'll get back to work.
- Go ahead.
Are you free? How about picking up
people at the train station tomorrow?
- Will gas be reimbursed?
- No.
- Fine, I'll pay for it myself.
- I'll pick people up from the airport.
- I don't need the gas money.
- Look at him.
Good for you.
I was thinking if I couldn't stay
in the vocal department,
I'd switch to the dubbing department.
Now that you show no interest in me,
I will stop pestering you.
Yes, our studio is too small for you,
young master of the Fei family.
Please don't make a mess,
and don't wrinkle them.
Okay, I won't disturb you.
- Don't be late.
- Don't worry.
This is eco-friendly.
Advance with the times, got it?
Yes.
Can you stop blabbering?
Still making bad jokes
after all this time?
The temperature in the car
suddenly dropped.
Kacey, I heard
your training class is thriving.
How did you get the time to come here?
It's because of the summon
from Mr. Qiang.
Yin even rescheduled his honeymoon
to come over.
Qiang Qingci is the chief planner, no?
So many old faces have all shown up.
Eryue and I came as fans.
- We're mainly here for the Golden Piglet.
- The Golden Piglet!
What Golden Piglet?
Where are we going? Is Mr. Qiang there?
He had the night shift yesterday.
He'll go to the studio later.
- We'll get there first.
- Okay.
The interviewees will start to arrive
this afternoon.
You can start interviewing them first,
and then follow me home for the night.
- How many groups of us have arrived?
- You judges are the first group.
But, because you are the first group,
there is no money to book a hotel.
The tickets haven't been sold yet.
Feishao went to pick up a few leaders
of the traditional music clubs.
They will stay at his place
and Juemei's place.
As for us, we'll have to make do.
Nice. I want to
stay at the headquarters.
Me too. I can sleep on the floor.
- Why stay at your place?
- What's wrong with staying at my place?
Can a hotel even compare to my place?
We're not here for fun.
If the first group stay at your place,
- will there be enough space?
- Of course, there will.
The other three seniors of Perfect Voice
will stay at the headquarters.
Doudou's idea. And I don't know why.
Headquarters? Seniors?
They've left us out.
Doudou definitely didn't mean that.
Besides, what's wrong with staying
at my place? You don't want to?
Of course, we don't.
We haven't been here for years.
How can we stay at your place?
We should stay in the studio instead.
- Tianzi No. 1 Recording Studio, right?
- Right.
- Save that stubbornness, will you?
- No.
- Fine, you can stay at the studio.
- Okay.
I am so nervous. Can I stay with you?
All three floors belong to Tianzi No. 1?
There are many rooms.
The studio is quite big.
- Hello.
- So many competitors. I feel unsure.
- Don't worry. Both of us are with you.
Slow down.
- You seem to be well prepared.
- Okay, I got it.
Okay.
Talk later. Bye.
- Sheng?
- You're back.
You signed up too?
No, someone from my club signed up.
I came with them.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Good luck.
- Thank you.
I'll go in first.
- Okay, see you in a bit.
- See you.
Who is she?
- Linglong.
- Who?
- She is my goddess.
- Isn't she Qiang...
- Stop. That's all in the past.
She is the older cousin of Qiang Qingci.
What people say online is nonsense.
- She is his cousin?
- No wonder she is so beautiful.
That's the power of genes.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
All contestants, come here for a moment.
I have a form here
that I would like you to fill out.
Once you are inside,
each of you will have three minutes.
Just say your name and ID
and you can start straight away.
No need to introduce yourself.
I'm sorry,
but too many people have signed up.
And the judges want to see
as many performances as possible.
It's okay, sir. We all understand.
No. Don't call me sir.
Reading out everyone's online ID
in public is truly embarrassing.
So, could you
please tick off your own name?
Here.
- Over here.
- Okay.
If your name is checked, you can go in.
There is a resting area inside.
- Thank you.
- No problem.
Okay.
Don't be nervous when you go in later.
Keep it up!
I won't go in.
Let Sheng take care of you in a bit.
We're not children.
There are more contestants below.
I must go.
- Bye.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
Let me help you.
- We're about there.
- Let's rest here for a bit.
The Perfect Voice Studio.
Last year, I sat in the ninth row
and watched their performance.
The front rows were all filled
with big shots in this circle.
This year, I must stand on stage.
You can do it.
But first, we have to step
through this door. Let's go.
You all did very well today.
Just go back and wait for the news.
- Thank you. Goodbye, Mr. Juemei.
- Sheng, are you looking for Mo?
- No, I'm here with my friend.
Hello. Would you like to
have some milk tea?
Go count how many of them are here.
Buy everyone a cup of milk tea.
Put it on my tab.
I'll help you. Come on.
- It's heavy.
- Thank you.
It's okay. Let me.
- Come on in.
- Let's go.
Everyone, have some fruit.
Find a place to sit.
I'll take this inside for you.
Let me take a photo of you.
- You two, come over.
- It's Jianjian and Eryue.
- Everyone is here today.
- Come on.
A little lower. Is it okay?
- One, two, three. Say 'cheese'!
- Cheese!
- Come in and sit.
- Okay.
You'll perform in the recording room
in a bit. Please get prepared.
Thank you.
Chengren Zhimei.
It's much larger than ours.
Let's draw lots today for fairness.
Alright, let's proceed in order.
Since there are many people waiting,
let's hurry up.
Let's draw lots. One for each person.
Take a look at yours.
Aren't you going to draw?
I have signed up for the composition
and arrangement competition.
I've sent my demo to your public email.
What's the name?
The online ID.
Help me clean up the garbage.
The next group will arrive soon.
Everyone, get ready.
We will start in three minutes.
- Keep going, everyone.
- Go for it.
- Go for it!
Let me help you.
I am the first one.
Guys, you each have three minutes
for your performance.
Give us your online ID
and take your instrument
to perform your favorite piece.
Let's start with number one.
I got number three.
Can the two of us play a duet?
We are from the same club.
Sure, no problem. Please feel free.
- Okay, thank you.
- You may start.
Hello, everyone. I am Guai
from Zhaozhaomumu Music Studio.
I am its leader.
And my online ID is 'Leader'.
Today, our piece is Peach-Blossom Springs,
composed and arranged by Shengshengman,
who is also a member of our club.
♪ Meteor flies to the edge of the sky ♪
♪ Crossing the horizon ♪
♪ The wind listens to all the wishes ♪
♪ Fluttering memories ♪
♪ Sunshine through the dancing leaves ♪
♪ Falls on the boy's shoulder ♪
♪ The journey of youth has no end ♪
♪ Year by year ♪
♪ Rain will pass by your window ♪
♪ Then run towards the sunny day ♪
♪ Dreams await at the start
of our encounter ♪
♪ Touching the fingertips ♪
♪ Longing for the world in your eyes ♪
♪ The unspoken understanding
reflects in our gaze ♪
♪ You smile ♪
♪ And get a little closer to me ♪
♪ I want to go with you ♪
♪ To a farther future ♪
♪ Dreams can reach the other shore ♪
♪ I really like you a lot ♪
♪ The first time I am brave ♪
♪ Looking up,
chasing the momentary fireworks ♪
♪ Falling in the midst of summer ♪
♪ Every moment of falling in love ♪
♪ It's you ♪
♪ Let's go to the future together ♪
♪ I really miss you ♪
♪ I want to go with you ♪
♪ To a farther future ♪
♪ Dreams can reach the other shore ♪
♪ I really like you a lot ♪
♪ The first time I am brave ♪
♪ Looking up,
chasing the momentary fireworks ♪
♪ Falling in the midst of summer ♪
♪ Every moment of falling in love ♪
♪ Let it blossom ♪